Now remember, according to my theory you interfered with with your parent's first meeting. They don't meet, they don't fall in love, they won't get married and they wont have kids. That's why your older brother's disappeared from that photograph. Your sister will follow and unless you repair the damages, you will be next. Okay. Yeah I know, If you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything. Who's are these? Don't tell me anything.

Over there, on my hope chest. I've never seen purple underwear before, Calvin. I still don't understand, how am I supposed to go to the dance with her, if she's already going to the dance with you. Marty, don't be such a square. Everybody who's anybody drinks. Look me up when you get there, guess I'll be about 47. This sounds pretty heavy.

I do understand. If I know too much about my own future I could endanger my own existence, just as you endangered yours. Good, you could start by sweeping the floor. Well, I figured, what the hell. But, what are you blind McFly, it's there. How else do you explain that wreck out there? The storm.

Hey, Doc, we better back up, we don't have enough roads to get up to 88. That was the day I invented time travel. I remember it vividly. I was standing on the edge of my toilet hanging a clock, the porces was wet, I slipped, hit my head on the edge of the sink. And when I came to I had a revelation, a picture, a picture in my head, a picture of this. This is what makes time travel possible. The flux capacitor. Yes, definitely, god-dammit George, swear. Okay, so now, you come up, you punch me in the stomach, I'm out for the count, right? And you and Lorraine live happily ever after. What kind of date? I don't know, what do kids do in the fifties? What you got under here?

Huh? But, what are you blind McFly, it's there. How else do you explain that wreck out there? Doc, look, all we need is a little plutonium. Uh, yeah. Now, of course not, Biff, now, I wouldn't want that to happen.

Um, yeah, I'm on my way. Yeah. Doc, Doc. Oh, no. You're alive. Bullet proof vest, how did you know, I never got a chance to tell you. About all that talk about screwing up future events, the space time continuum. She's just trying to keep you respectable. No, why, what's a matter?

Marty, you're acting like you haven't seen me in a week. You'll find out in thirty years. I need fuel. Go ahead, quick, get in the car. Now which one was it, Greg or Craig? Save the clock tower.

I think I know exactly what you mean. Ah, honey, your first novel. Great good, good, Lorraine, I had a feeling about you two. It's a board with wheels. I'd like you to meet my good friend George McFly.

Ahh. Ahh. Okay Doc, this is it. Calvin. Marty, is that you? She's just trying to keep you respectable.

Let me show you my plan for sending you home. Please excuse the crudity of this model, I didn't have time to build it to scale or to paint it. Well, Marty, I'm almost eighteen-years-old, it's not like I've never parked before. A block passed Maple, that's John F. Kennedy Drive. Doc, wait. No, bastards. Let's get him.

Right, gimme a Pepsi free. Doc, you don't just walk into a store and ask for plutonium. Did you rip this off? whoa, this is it, this is the part coming up, Doc. Huh? Alright, let's set your destination time. This is the exact time you left. I'm gonna send you back at exactly the same time. It's be like you never left. Now, I painted a white line on the street way over there, that's where you start from. I've calculated the distance and wind resistance fresh to active from the moment the lightning strikes, at exactly 7 minutes and 22 seconds. When this alarm goes off you hit the gas.

Good morning, Mom. Good morning, Mom. Unroll their fire. Whoa, whoa, kid, kid, stop, stop, stop, stop. Marty, you made it.

Right about here. Oh, yeah, yeah. I hope so. Go. Alright, I'm ready.

I guarantee it. Whoa, this is heavy. Marty, you're acting like you haven't seen me in a week. Stop it. Doc.

Wait a minute. Did you hurt your head? The only way we're gonna get those two to successfully meet is if they're alone together. So you've got to get your father and mother to interact at some sort of social- Hey c'mon, I had to change, you think I'm going back in that zoot suit? The old man really came through it worked. Ahh.